the problem statement is you will be given an input
number and you need to check if it is a
Palindrom or not
So what is a palindrome number Palindrome numbers are the
numbers that will remain the same when it's digits are
reversed
For example let's take the number 121
The reverse of this number is also 121
So such numbers are called palindromes
Take another number 456
The reverse of this number is 654
and these two are not the same
So it is not a palindrome number
So your task is to write the logic for palindrome
number problem and submitted using the below compiler see some
sampl inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is 121 the expected output is
the message palindrome
If the input is 345 the expected output is message not palindrom.